Don't leave, the information you want.
What are you looking at? Nothing?
Maybe you read that right. Come in? Yes.
Who is he? Isn’t the person in charge of this project Manager Chen?
Sorry. Isn't this Mr. Chen's private room?
It works, you are...saving interest
When you are with me, you are so much more beautiful in my impression.
Really not welcome
Is it from old school?
what are you
My name is Wang Junjie
It’s true that I kept telling you this privately
The more you go, the better you win
Accompany the king to look up to me and take me
I'll come here as long as
When you sleep with her for a while
She will accompany you and me.
Sorry, I got the wrong person